i jo from reds fly shop here coming at
you with a way to review today we've
done several of these so if you're in
the market for waders and you want to
learn a little bit more about some of
the other models look for the other
zippered waiter reviews online but
zippered waders are great they only leak
when you want them to is what we like to
say at reds the one I'm gonna highlight
today is the Reddington sonic dry waiter
I've got another set of Sims that I
think it's an awesome testimonial that's
my probably oldest it away ders that I'm
going to compare these are really our
two best selling waiters right now
especially in the zippered realms so I
got these about thirteen months ago and
I really wanted to do a review of them
right when I got them but that really
wouldn't be all that credible it's a
brand new product so what i did is i
warm hard for thirteen months and now
I'm giving you my feedback so first
thing the one thing this waiter was
really claim to do and the reason that
that they really designed this waiter
the way they did is it has a lining they
call it 37.5 technology so that lining
right there has apparently it's made
with like some material that's found in
coconut skins I guess that really breaks
water up into tiny molecules and allows
the waiter to transfer moisture from
inside the waiter to outside the waiter
so is you're wearing these around you're
gonna get condensation from your body
heat inside the cold water on the
outside there's natural condensation
that occurs then you have perspiration
of course - what that material does that
37.5 made with Kona is the name of the
material you know look that up you'll
find all sorts of cool stuff that breaks
the water up gets the molecules super
small so they actually go through the
waiter this way to breathe better than
any waiter I've ever worn when you get
it off you just you're amazed at how dry
you feel when you get that waiter off
you don't have that condensation of
perspiration they're all met I was super
skeptical and really quite cynical I'm
like here we go again another waiter so
I wore it for a while I was really
really really impressed have absolutely
no complaints about the waiters you can
look at our website or Red's fly shop
calm or go directly to our online store
Red's fly-fishing calm and you can see
all the features these waiters have but
I'm gonna run through just
a couple of them real quick that I
really liked that are different than a
lot of waiters this waiter has two big
elastic pockets on the inside that I
didn't really think much of before but I
constantly am just taking like a fly box
and I don't want to open any zippers or
pockets I just want to shove it
somewhere where it's gonna stay dry and
protected I use these pockets the with
that mesh right there all the time I
shove a stocking cap in there I shove my
gloves in there fly boxes maybe a cell
phone all sorts of stuff
I've got hand warmer pockets on the
front these slash pockets that I can zip
shut the zipping shut is really
important if you ever row a boat so you
don't catch your oars on your pocket you
can actually close them the other thing
it does if it's raining at all you don't
want water to accumulate in there ceases
if that shut when you're shopping for
waders that's a good tip and you're
comparing competing brands look for
zippered slash pockets on the sides you
definitely want those so another elastic
pocket on the right side like that very
comfortable shoulder straps adjustable
on both ends you can adjust them down
here and you can adjust them on the
front
I found these waiters very comfortable
like I said the highlight of them is
they're very light they're a lot thinner
than say a competing Sims weight or much
lighter material the other thing that
these waiters feature is first
technology and it's a pretty interesting
technology and you can learn more about
it on our website but those seams are
not actually stitched they're actually
welded together with sonic sound waves
it's kind of crazy so they basically run
it through what's more or less a sewing
machine but instead of actually putting
holes and putting thread in there it
actually melts the material and binds
the material together and then it's
taped on the inside and sealed again but
there's actually not holes for stitching
and I haven't had any problems the seams
I've been delighted gravel guards have
held up really well a lot of times I've
torn waders up I do a lot of walking and
have torn waders up doing that been very
very happy that's the Reddington sonic
dry fly waiter super happy the other
thing I really like about this waiter is
the waiting belt I know that sounds kind
of trite but stretchy very comfortable
always like the ready to waiting belt so
with
at risk of sounding really partial I
don't want to sound like I'm too partial
towards the reading some waiter I've
been really happy with it it's been a
great waiter this is not really an
apples to apples comparison I'm gonna
also give you a testimonial about the
Sims g4 zippered waiter I've had these
for years and I have worn them off and
on sometimes I forget my reddington's
and I'll grab these ones from the shop
this is a great testimonial for Simms
waiter I believe it's an I believe it's
an $800 waiter now so it's pretty
expensive it's about $300 more maybe
$250 more than the Reddington you can
get all the pricing the exact pricing on
our website I'm more concerned about how
they perform than how much they cost
right now the pockets have completely
ripped off I've literally worn these to
the point the pockets have come off just
like that so you you wouldn't even
really recognize them that's how much
I've worn them there used to be pockets
there that have fallen off the waiters
themselves continued to perform great
these are five layers of gore-tex
material much much heavier than the
Reddington if you fish a lot and really
warm weather or you do a lot of hiking
or exertion the Reddington I think's a
better choice for doing a lot of walking
I've absolutely thrashed the gravel
guards on these you can see that those
were completely torn up just from all
the walking I've done I don't think it's
a bad product I just want to give you an
idea of how much I have worn these not
much experience I do have in these
waders the bottom line is this is a lot
heavier weight er
it doesn't breathe as well as the
Reddington there's no two ways about it
now I know Simms and gore-tex have a new
material that's the same waders this
it's a little bit supposedly more
breathable I haven't worn net but I do
feel like with the five layers of
gore-tex just that pure weight of the
material it's not gonna breathe and stay
dry on the inside like that Reddington
it's just not gonna happen but my advice
for you would be if you're shopping
waders in your honor store right now is
consider these two products if you're
gonna go fish extended periods of time
where it's really cold maybe you're
gonna go to British Columbia where
you're spacing and standing in the water
all day every day for a week straight
Sims seems to be a great choice you're
not gonna worry about that breathability
you want to absolute the utmost and
dependability you want five layers of
gore-tex Sims are a great choice if you
winter steelhead on the Olympic
Peninsula a lot where you you can't
afford to have a leak you're fishing in
extremely cold conditions Sims is
probably a better choice it might be
worth a couple hundred extra dollars for
that security but if you're fishing you
know average conditions like most folks
I think you can really trust that
Reddington waiter it's been really good
for me I've got no complaints the last
thing I want to show you all on this is
people ask about zippers and how
dependable they are both waders the
zippers have perform flawlessly I've
never had zipper failure on either of
these two waders it's perfect so no
leaks no problems no complaints about
the zipper I think personally as my
opinion I'm interjecting be silly to buy
a waiter that doesn't have a zipper in
the front so most people who buys it for
waiters always buy zippered waders so
you can learn more on our website on the
specific product pages go to Red's
fly-fishing comm to go directly to these
if you're watching this on YouTube but
we have these products in stock we'd
love to help you out and if you need the
advice on waders you can give us a call
or fly shop 509 nine three three two
three zero zero